(suspenseful music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(beeping)
(explosion)
(tires squealing)
(wind blowing)
(solemn music)
- I never thought I'd have
to live without my husband
and now my daughter.
but I know You have a plan and a purpose.
God. I really need you right now.
- Tina. I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were gonna be here.
- No.
it's so good to see you.
I just got finished dropping
Joy off in Lancaster
with my brother and his family.
She needed to get away.
How are you?
I haven't seen you at church
or you haven't come by.
- I'm okay.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I'm not okay.
It's just. losing my mom and then Rose.
and now. just all the horrible
things that keep happening.
the explosion at the shipping
company and all the crime.
It just feels like too much.
- I understand.
You know. if you ever
need anyone to talk to
or pray with you. you
know I'm here for you.
- Tina. I should be saying
that to you. but I just.
- No.
- I'm sorry. I should go.
- No no. Amy. please stay.
I need to get home to Angie.
(mournful music)
(crickets chirping)
(traffic passing)
(birds chirping)
- Why?
I don't understand.
Why her?
I know you promised that
you'll always be with us.
but I feel so alone.
and it still hurts so much.
And you. what were you thinking?
You were always the
leader. the strong one.
You always knew what
to do and what to say.
How could you let this happen?
We were supposed to be each
others' maids of honor.
We were supposed to run a homeschool co-op
like our parents did for us.
We were supposed to become
cranky old ladies and
sit on the porch. drinking
iced tea together.
I know you're in a better place.
And I know we'll see each other again.
And I know God will get
me through this somehow.
But I'm stuck here without my best friend.
And I don't know what to do.
I just feel so lost without you.
(sobbing)
(pensive piano music)
- What is this stuff?
- That's the girls' old
homeschooling curriculum.
Have you ever thought about
maybe going back to school
or college or even a trade school?
- I was supposed to get a
scholarship in computer science.
but then my parents died and
things kind of fell apart.
Besides. I've been on
the street for so long
that I wouldn't even know where to start.
- There's lots of ways
you can get back on track.
if you want to.
- I'm over 18. what am I supposed to do.
go back to 11th grade?
- I homeschooled both girls.
and you'd be surprised
how colleges and universities
and trade schools.
they actively recruit homeschoolers.
You could go anywhere from there.
(dogs barking)
(pensive piano music)
(phone ringing)
- Hi honey. how you doing?
- I'm fine. dad.
- Hey. I heard the Sheriff's department
got the budget for that
new mass spectrometer.
Have you had a chance to play with it yet?
- No. I haven't been
down there in a while.
You know. things have been slow there and.
- What honey?
- Well. I've been thinking about
giving up my crime scene investigator job.
and just focusing on
my veterinary practice.
- I understand. honey.
whatever you need to do.
You know. I'm always here for you. right?
- I know dad.
(beeping)
Sorry dad. I gotta go.
Chelsea?
- Show me your hands.
Police! Drop the gun.
- Show me your badge.
- You got some explaining to do.
- Excuse me?
I'm Doctor Amy Bradford.
I'm the town crime scene investigator.
animal control officer.
and the local veterinarian.
This is my office. and
just who are you. exactly?
- I'm Detective Caleb Rodgers.
Just transferred into the town last week.
Look. I'm sorry about that.
but well. what the heck.
- Is. is everything okay?
- Yes. everything's fine Chelsea.
Did you lock the front door earlier?
- Yeah. of course.
I'm sorry. I was cleaning the
back with my headphones on.
- So you didn't hear anybody
in here a few minutes ago?
- No. no.
Did did someone break in?
- Yeah. that's what we're
trying to figure out.
- How's Oscar today?
- He's good.
- Aw. hi. buddy.
Hi.
Chelsea's gonna take you back
and give you a nice little snack
and put you under your warm little lamp.
Thanks Chelsea.
- Absolutely.
- So. a reptile fan. huh?
- Yeah. I'm sure it
gives you a great big hug
right before it eats you.
- Well. unless you feel the
need for extra protection.
can I have my gun back now?
- Walter PPK 380.
The James Bond pistol.
- Yep.
Lightweight. good close range.
My dad gave it to me as a present.
It's a kind of a family inside joke.
- Yeah. he must be a Bond
fan. into all that spy stuff.
- Oh. you have no idea.
- So what happened here?
- Well. I have an app that alerts me
if somebody's lingering outside.
The alert went off and there
was somebody in a black hoodie
hanging outside the front door.
- You didn't think to call the police?
- Well. sometimes people are dropping off
stray animals or pets they
can't take care of anymore.
I don't want somebody like
that getting lights and sirens.
And besides if somebody breaks in.
y'all get alerted anyway. obviously.
- Yeah. I'm not much on snakes.
but anybody doesn't treat
their dog like family?
Well. they ought to be arrested.
- Rogers. on your six!
We got here as fast as we could.
- I was just talking to Miss.
I mean. Doctor Bradford.
- Amy.
- Elena.
- Yeah. this room's pretty secure I think.
Gonna go outside and
double check the perimeter.
- Copy that.
- Thank you. Warren.
- 10-4. doc.
- Dispatch. there's nothing going on here.
Everything's code four.
- So.
Doctor Bradford here was
telling me what's going on.
You were saying?
- Yeah. so when I got here earlier.
the front door was a jar when
it should have been locked.
but nothing seems to be missing.
- So I assume you keep
medications here for the animals.
tranquilizers. painkillers. and such.
You check those?
- That was the first thing I thought of.
I have a separate alarm
for the medicine cabinet.
and it hasn't been touched.
so all the drugs are secure.
- What's that?
- Don't touch that.
That is not mine.
which means somebody had
to have placed it here.
So it's evidence and I
don't want it contaminated.
- Excuse me?
- No. no. she's right.
This is now a crime scene
and she's the crime scene investigator.
- Well. ordinarily. I'd say
I'll take this back to my lab. but.
- We'll finish securing the place.
and we'll have a car on standby.
- Thank you. I'll let you
know when I have something.
- Let's go.
(soft music)
- They found what?
Well. how did it get there?
Well. it sounds like we have a problem.
You're just gonna have to fix it.
All right. what's our status?
- The project is moving according to plan.
Their firewall is still holding but
I'll take care of it.
- All right.
That's my girl.
Keep me posted.
- All right.
(tense music)
(phone ringing)
- Yeah. Lance.
- Sorry to bother you at home Martin.
but we have a situation.
We need you back up on the mountain. ASAP.
- Okay. I'll be right there.
(phone ringing)
- Amy. what's going on?
I heard the police got
called to your office.
- I'm fine. dad.
Apparently somebody broke in. but.
but all the animals are fine.
- Okay. glad to hear it.
So it looks like they
sent that new detective.
What's he like?
- He's fine. Yeah.
A little quick to reach for his gun.
and he didn't like Oscar. but
other than that. he's okay.
- So anything juicy and exciting going on?
- Seriously. dad. I just met the guy.
I mean. okay.
Yes. he is attractive. but I
don't know anything about him.
Look. you know. I love you.
but you need to back off this whole
trying to marry me off thing. okay?
Grandma is bad enough.
and that's the last
thing I need right now.
- Honey.
I was asking about the crime scene.
- Oh.
right. yeah.
So they didn't take anything.
Apparently they just left something.
a burnt metal box?
I'm just getting ready to analyze it now.
- A burnt metal box?
Well. it sounds like you've
got a mystery to solve.
- Yeah. we'll see.
- Okay.
I just got a call from Lance.
and they need me up on
the mountain right away.
- Okay.
Well. I will talk to you later.
I love you. Dad.
- Love you too.
- Martin. you need to see this.
- Whoa.
- Hackers are constantly
trying to breach our system.
but somebody's throwing something at us
we've never seen before.
- How so?
- Well they're using a
sophisticated mix of botnet armies
that are constantly hunting
for vulnerabilities.
while also sending through
large scale packets
to install root kits.
- Wow. that's a fresh one.
Are we in trouble?
- No. the team is all over it.
The problem is we can't seem to find
their center of command and control.
On the one hand.
it's like it's coming from
everywhere all at once.
But.
- But?
- Well. while this
attack is decentralized.
we have been able to
locate the original source.
- And?
- It appears to be
coming from Stevens Mill.
- Okay. let me make a call.
(phone ringing)
- What's going on dad?
- Hi. honey.
I need to ask you a question.
- Okay.
- So I know you haven't been to visit
your friend Hector in a while.
but is there any chance that
he might have gotten involved
in something sketchy?
- Not that I know of.
Why?
- Well. somebody's trying
to hack the facility.
Now. that happens all the time.
but this time the attacks
are getting stronger and more frequent.
- So. why are you asking about Hector?
- Well. the people that are doing this
are covering their tracks really well.
but we've been able to pinpoint
the source of the attacks
and coming from Stevens Mill.
and his nickname is Hector the Hacker.
- Dad.
- Honey. I know he is your friend.
that's why I'm calling you.
If I launch an investigation from here.
it becomes official and I
don't want get him in trouble.
Is there any chance you
could just drop by his office
and see what he's up to?
- Okay. I'll see what I can do.
(soft. tense music)
- Angie?
- What?
- What are you doing?
- I'm playing my game.
and I almost cracked to level 56.
and now I have to start all over again.
- You've been spending a
lot of time on that game.
- Yeah. well. back when my parents died.
me and my foster brother
would play it together all the time.
It
relaxes
me. (sighing)
Ugh.
- Well. I could really
use your help around here.
- And I could really use some fresh air.
I'm gonna take Jethro for a walk.
(gentle music)
(Jethro whimpering)
(sighing)
(dramatic music)
- Amy?
Hey.
It's good to see you again.
- You too.
Look. I'm sorry it's been so long.
I just.
- It's okay.
I get it.
- Thanks.
Hmm.
I like what you've done with the place.
It's very you.
- Thanks.
After having Karl Corsault
walk in and almost shoot me.
I decided it was time to
move and beef up security.
- Still no word on his whereabouts?
- Karl?
Nada.
Over six months since he killed Rex.
and tried to kill us.
and there's been no
activity on his credit card.
no ping on any of the
license plates he's used.
Not even anything on facial recognition.
It's like the earth just
opened up and swallowed him.
Wait. do you think he could be the guy
that broke into your office?
- And left a clue without
disturbing anything?
That doesn't make sense.
And how much does these days?
- Well. I've run every online
check on Carl that I can.
and everything seems completely legit.
If he does have some sort of. you know.
secret connections that
we don't know about.
he's hidden 'em pretty well.
- What about his connection to
the Omni Millennium Company?
We know that he killed Rex McNear
right after they talked
about some warehouse
he thought Omni might wanna buy.
- Yeah. I thought about that.
but they're squeaky clean.
at least as far as I can tell.
- Yeah. but I had this feeling about them.
The explosion at Stevens
Mill Shipping Company
conveniently gave them
an excuse to buy out
the whole company for next to nothing
from Rose and Jamie's dad.
and force him into retirement.
- How are they doing. by the way?
- I talked to Jamie last week.
he and Allie are settled in
South Carolina with his parents.
It seems like they're all moving on.
- Yeah. lot of that
going around right now.
Seems like more and more businesses
are closing up shop and moving out.
now that the jobs are drying up.
Omni continues to rake in
money from offshore imports.
- There's gotta be
something we're missing.
- Probably.
But to be honest. I'm struggling
to stay afloat myself.
Those businesses that are
closing up were my clients.
To be completely honest.
I kind of need a little
bit more help around here.
but that's not really something
I can afford right now.
- So you're not doing anything.
gray hat these days. are you?
- No more than usual.
Why?
- Well. my dad said
that somebody from town
keeps trying to hack into
the Mount Hideaway mainframe.
- And naturally he assumed it was me.
Typical government mentality.
I'm sure it's probably
only gonna be a minute
before the storm troopers are
here. busting down my door.
hauling me off to a black site.
Well. let 'em come. bring him
on. I prefer a straight fight.
- No. it's just the opposite.
He asked me to check with you privately
to avoid getting you in trouble.
- Oh.
Well that was very civilized of him.
- So if it's not you.
- Then the only people left in the town
with the resources to do
something like that would be.
- Omni Millennium.
- So what are we gonna do about it?
- What do you mean?
- I mean. you. and me.
investigating. solving crimes.
just like how we did with-
- Look. I'm sorry.
I need to go.
It was good to see you again.
- What have you got for me?
- I've increased the intensity
of the attack by 38%.
We are hitting resistance.
but we expected that.
Nothing you and I can't handle.
- Awesome. all right.
Keep at it.
Ugh.
As soon as we breach their security
and steal a few critical files.
the Joint Chiefs will have no choice
but to shut them down and
give us the contract instead.
- So in addition to buying the building
for pennies on the dollar?
- You will have all the bandwidth you need
for our dark web activities.
They'll get transferred from our town.
(pensive music)
(tense music)
- Well. this explains
why we haven't been able
to find Karl all this time.
- You sure that's Karl Corsault?
- Oh yeah. I'm sure all right.
I mean. I haven't had
time to run his prints.
but I've seen him myself
wearing these clothes.
- And who found the body?
- Angie Darvishi. the girl that's
staying with Tina Shanholtz.
She was out walking the
dog and he dug this up.
- You have a time of death.
- Nothing conclusive. but it looks like
he's been in the ground
for several months.
- So about the same time he was last seen
at Hector Tech Computer Repair?
He tried to kill Hector
Diaz and Bethany Shanholtz.
- Yeah. probably not long after that.
- So you're saying that he was murdered
right after threatening Bethany Shanholtz?
And now he's found buried in her backyard.
Nothing suspicious about that.
- You just wait a second. Elena.
- Now. we're not jumping
to any conclusions.
What's the cause of death?
- Well. nothing conclusive. but.
well. this is just preliminary.
but it looks like three
gunshots to the chest
and one to the forehead.
- So he was executed.
like by some kind of an assassin or a spy?
- Did you really think if
Bethany assassinated Carl.
that should be dumb enough to
bury him in our own orchard?
Look. are you gonna investigate this case
or just let your sidekick
here make up stupid theories?
- Oh. excuse me.
- Will you excuse me?
I would not presume that a
town vet would know more-
(talking over each other)
- All right quiet. both of you.
(sinister music)
- Let go of me.
I live here. I know my rights.
- Angie. why were you hiding?
- I wanna see what was going on.
And I don't like cops.
- So you're the one who found the body.
- Yeah. it's just like Amy said.
I was walking Jethro and he dug
up mister creepy over there.
- Angie. you shouldn't be here.
I'm taking you back to Tina.
Y'all can take the body
back to the morgue.
We'll talk more about this later.
- Young lady. I'm gonna have some more
questions for you later.
- Torture me all you want.
Andy Griffith. I'll never talk.
- Come on.
(dark music)
Come on.
- I'm not a little kid anymore.
I can help.
- You have helped enough.
- What's going on?
- I went up to the orchard
where she found Karl
and I was trying to talk
to the new detective.
- Who's totally hot by the way.
- Hm.
- And his sidekick. Elena Krazinska.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Elena was trying to imply
that Bethany killed Karl.
- She did what?
- And I was trying to
explain to the detective
what a stupid idea that was.
when he heard a noise and found Angie
sneaking around and eavesdropping on us.
- Angie.
- What?
I was the one that Karl
tried to kill first.
I was the one that found his body.
If Amy can do it. so can I.
- There's a difference.
I'm a trained investigator.
and I actually work for the police.
- Okay girls. look.
we've all been through a lot.
so we need to stick together.
So let's just take a deep
breath and calm down.
and let's go to the
table and ask for help.
(soft music)
Heavenly Father.
we just ask that you
would give us strength.
We don't always understand
why things happen the way that they do.
And we know that in this life
we're gonna have difficulties.
but you've promised us that you will
never leave us or abandon us.
and we just pray right now that you would
help us to get along
and make good decisions.
so that we can bring
honor and glory to you.
and also honor the ones that we love.
Amen.
- Amen.
You know. I had an idea
while you were praying.
Angie. I might have a way for you to help
and stay out of trouble.
but I need to talk to
somebody about it first.
(soft orchestral music)
- About yesterday.
I'm so sorry.
- You didn't. it's fine I just.
I can't go there right now.
- Okay.
I totally get it.
So. what can I do for you right now?
- Well. you know how you
said you needed some help.
- Yes.
- What about Angie?
- No. no way.
She is trouble.
- She's super smart.
and she was taking
advanced computer classes
when she was still in school.
- Yeah. Yeah.
And she also has a
tendency of stealing things
and running off.
Sorry.
I have way too much on my plate right now
than also having to babysit
little miss sticky fingers.
- But she could ease your workload and.
you wouldn't have to pay her much.
- Okay.
Okay. fine.
Fine. I'll give it a try.
As long as she doesn't get
me into any more trouble
than I'm already in.
- I'm sure it'll be fine.
I think she's learned her lesson.
(mumbling)
(doorbell ringing)
- Miss Shanholtz?
- I'm Tina Shanholtz.
You must be Detective Rogers.
- Yes. ma'am.
I need to speak with Angie here.
about how she discovered the body.
- Come in.
- Can we use this room?
- I would like to be present
when you're questioning her.
- Are you her parent or guardian?
- Not officially. but she
does live here with me.
- Well. I'm sorry. I'll have to ask you-
- Or you can wait till
our attorney is present.
- All right. fine.
I'm gonna have some more
questions for you anyway.
So Angie.
why don't we start by you
telling me what you were doing
in that section of the orchard
you haven't been in for weeks.
- I needed some fresh air.
so I was out walking Jethro.
It's 300 acres.
I mean. you could walk on different days
and not see the same space for weeks.
- And did you know Karl Corsault?
- Know him?
I mean. I knew that he was some guy
that worked for the mayor up
until he tried to kill me.
But then Bethany saved me.
- That's Bethany Shanholtz?
- Yes. my daughter.
- Yes ma'am. sorry for your loss.
I do understand that
there was some conflict
between your daughter and Mister Corsault?
- If by conflict. you mean
that he murdered two people
and then went after my daughter?
Yes. I would say there was conflict.
- And you cops never found him.
So of course Bethany had to go after him.
- So you're saying she did go after him?
- That's not what she meant.
- Yes. it is.
- Miss Shanholtz. did your daughter
have any official authority
to investigate anything?
- She worked for the federal government.
That's all I can say.
- But if Bethany had killed Karl
they'd never have found the body.
Duh. she was awesome.
- Angie.
- So how do you think the
body ended up in your orchard?
- It's a large area
without a fence around it.
It wouldn't have been difficult for anyone
to drive onto the property
and dump the body there.
- Okay.
Well thank you for your time.
and I'm sure I'll be in touch
later with more questions.
- What was that?
- What? That guy was an idiot.
Okay. hot idiot.
but he was implying that Bethany
was both crooked and stupid.
Somebody had to say something.
- I know. I didn't like it either.
but the way that you answered him.
didn't really help the situation.
- I'm not like you. okay?
I don't have a Bible quote for everything.
and all the prayers and stuff.
Everything's just getting worse.
- I know this is hard and God never said
that life would be easy.
but he did promise that we
would not go through this alone.
- Well. maybe I wanna go through it alone.
I always end up like that. anyway.
(sentimental orchestral music)
(phone ringing)
- Hi. Amy.
- Tina. hey.
So. about Angie.
- Now what?
- Tina.
- I'm sorry.
She has gotten on my last
nerve and I love her so much.
but we really need a break.
- Well. that's actually why I was calling.
I talked to Hector and he
agreed to let Angie come
and help at his computer shop.
So that gives her something to do.
and you can have a little peace and quiet.
- You know. that would be wonderful.
Thank you. I will send her right over.
- Okay. well. I guess I
will talk to you later.
- Amy?
One more thing.
- Yeah?
- The detectives are implying
that Bethany had something
to do with Carl's death.
- Yeah. I know.
- Well. you work with them. I mean.
you need to convince them
what a crazy idea this is.
- Look. I don't even
know the new detective.
and you know Elena's always
had it out for Bethany.
- Yes. but I mean. you
can still convince them.
I mean. this is Bethany's
memory we're talking about.
- I'm sorry. Tina. I really gotta go.
- Amy?
- Well. I guess that explains
why we haven't seen Karl in a while.
- Yeah. but it opens up
so many more questions.
- Yeah. it sure does.
- What about the cyber
attack at Mount Hideaway?
Do you think that's related?
- It'd be hard to imagine
that it's a coincidence.
- I like it.
- I'm so glad.
- Did you say that the
Mountain was getting hacked?
- You weren't supposed to hear that?
- Everybody always asks
me why I sneak around.
How else am I supposed to know anything?
If the Mountain's under attack
that definitely has to do
with what we're dealing with.
- Definitely.
- Omni Millennium is taking over the town.
It's pushing out all the farmers.
and all of the small businesses.
Do you really think that they want
some military intelligence
looking over their shoulder?
- She's actually got a point.
- Okay.
But if that is the case. what
are we gonna do about it?
- I think it's time for
you and "Big Brother"
to team up against a common enemy.
- No. no way.
The government already has enough control
over our lives as is.
Plus. if they knew half
of the stuff that I do.
they'd be hauling me off to a black site
in less than a minute.
and I am allergic to waterboarding.
- Plus Hector doesn't have clearance
to know what's going on at Mount Hideaway.
- Okay. let's talk about
Detective Sundance.
- What about him?
- Oh. he showed up around the
same time Karl went missing.
Don't you think that's suspicious
or convenient or something?
- Well. with all the unsolved
crimes that happened.
the last sheriff got
voted out pretty hard.
This new guy. he said that he wants to
clean house and provide a new perspective.
- Exactly.
So they bring in this guy.
and then hire Barbie
Fife to be his sidekick.
- [Hector] Who?
- Elena Krazinska.
- Oh man. I remember this story.
- What? Spill the tea.
- Well. Elena was Bethany's
arch rival growing up.
She went to the fancy private school.
and she and Bethany both
did track and martial arts
in the county leagues.
Bethany was always better.
One day during a karate tournament.
Elena had tried an illegal
low kick on Bethany.
and Bethany blocked her with her elbow.
and Elena was limping around for weeks.
Sorry.
Anyway. when Jamie and Bethany broke up.
Elena came to college at Tech
where Jamie and I were going.
And that's when it really got ugly.
- What happened?
- Jamie was on the rebound from Bethany.
and Elena swooped in
on her broom and sorry.
Jamie and Elena dated.
and she used him and broke his heart.
I've always thought it
was just another way
to get it Bethany.
- So what if they're both dirty?
What if they're just Omni
shills trying to cover up
by framing the good guys?
- Yeah. Okay.
I'll look into it.
but some of those records
are gonna be tough to crack.
even for me.
- It really would be helpful
if you and my dad's people
could work together on this.
- I'm sorry. Amy.
That's not gonna happen.
- Okay. well you guys
can figure something out.
I've gotta get back to my clinic.
(soft piano music)
- Come on.
(light orchestral music)
- Oh. it's okay. little guy.
Nobody's gonna hurt you.
I'm here to take care of you.
Yeah. that's a joke.
I can't take care of anybody.
- [Tina] Amy? Hi.
- Tina?
Hey. what's going on?
Are your animals okay?
- Oh yes. they're fine.
But there is something else
that I could use your help with.
- What's that?
- I know that it's been really hard
since Bethany's accident.
but Amy. that detective and Elena
are trying to blame
Karl's murder on Bethany.
I need your help.
Bethany and I still need your help.
- I'm sorry.
I can't.
- Why?
- You don't understand.
- Well then help me understand.
Talk to me.
- I.
I should have been there.
I wasn't there when
she needed me the most.
- Oh sweetie.
It was an accident.
There is nothing that you could have.
- I was supposed to be
with her. and I wasn't.
If I had been then. maybe
she'd still be alive.
- We don't know that.
We don't even know what happened.
We could have lost both of you.
You can't blame yourself.
but there is something that
you can do for her now.
- What can I do?
- What you love to do.
You can find the clues
and solve the mystery.
Somebody killed Karl.
We have to figure out who did it.
so we can clear Bethany's name.
- Well. we always did that together.
I can't do that by myself. Tina.
I don't even know where to start.
- Well. there has to be a clue.
or something that's out of place.
Amy. you can do this.
You've trained your whole life for this.
and you won't be alone.
You'll have me and your dad and Hector.
Will you at least promise me
that you'll pray about it.
Thank you.
I almost forgot.
I brought you this.
It was Bethany's.
She always loved to play
with her dad's compass.
and he bought that for right
before his last deployment.
She said that when she was feeling lost.
that it would remind her
to look to the only One
that can truly show us the way.
Amy?
Let Him guide you.
- Well. I promised I'd pray about it
so I guess I have to.
I want to help Tina and Bethany. but.
I don't know how.
I feel so lost and.
and helpless.
Well. there is a clue out there.
You're just gonna have to
put it right in front of me
because otherwise I'm.
Right in front of me.
(pensive music)
(upbeat music)
(phone ringing)
- Detective Rogers.
- Detective. it's Amy Bradford.
I've got some news about the
box that was left in my office.
- What do you got?
- The box was part of a very tiny IED.
- A bomb?
- Exactly.
- Why would anybody
break into your office.
leave fragments of an exploded bomb?
Unless. unless it was
some kind of warning.
- Well. if so. I don't feel very warned.
No. I think there's
something else going on.
- Well. I'll keep digging.
- Oh. one more thing.
In addition to the explosive
residue that I found on it.
there was also traces of brake
fluid. motor oil and asphalt.
- Yeah. so it was planted on a car.
It was too small to blow a car up.
Any ideas on that?
- I just analyze the evidence.
you're the detective.
And besides. oh my brain's so tired.
I can hardly even think
straight right now.
- All right. well that's understandable.
We'll touch base tomorrow.
- Okay. goodnight.
(dramatic music)
- Huh?
Wowsers.
- What's up?
- I just got an official notice
from Amy's dad at Mount Hideaway.
They're offering me full immunity
and a sweet paid consultant package
if I work for them off the books.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Okay.
- What's up?
Hector Diaz just offered us his services.
and sent over an electronically signed
non-disclosure agreement.
(soft music)
(moaning)
(dramatic music)
(phone ringing)
- Hey Amy. I was just about to call you.
- Hey. I need you to maybe
the police impound lot.
- I beat you to it.
- What?
- Well. apparently we woke
up with the same idea.
I got to thinking.
why would anybody wanna blow
up just one part of a car?
And then it hit me.
So I came down here and it
turns out the impound lot
was broken into the
same day as your office.
Just no one noticed at the time.
because almost nothing was
taken or disturbed except.
- Bethany's car.
- Yeah. or what's left of it.
So I looked it over and
a small bomb was used
to blow out her brake line as
she was headed for the cliff.
- What?
- She was murdered.
- It wasn't an accident.
(dramatic music)
- Amy?
- Hey. I need to go.
I'll talk to you later.
Oh. thanks for looking into that.
Bye.
(pensive music)
(phone ringing)
- Hey Amy. what's going on?
- It wasn't an accident.
- What wasn't?
- Bethany's death.
She was.
she was murdered.
That box. it was.
it was part of a bomb
and it was on her car.
and I should have found it.
I knew she was tired that day and I just.
I assumed that she fell asleep
or she swerved to miss an animal.
but somebody killed her and.
and the evidence was
right there for a month.
and I didn't do anything about it.
- Amy stop. take a deep breath.
Honey. none of this was your fault.
- I should have been doing my job.
I let her down.
- You haven't let her down.
And you know Bethany wouldn't want you
blaming yourself for any of this.
If Bethany was murdered.
we're gonna have to investigate.
I'll call Lance and we'll
put a plan together.
I'll let you know as much as we can.
- Okay.
I'll let you know what I find out as well.
- Amy?
- Dad.
- Okay. just promise me you'll be careful.
Watch your back and keep me posted.
- I will.
- Honey. I've got another call coming in.
Are you gonna be okay?
- Yeah. I'll be okay.
Bye. dad.
(dark music)
I'm gonna find whoever did this. Bethany.
I promise.
- Hey Hector.
So you're sure you're okay with
the terms of our agreement?
- Heck yeah. this is great. let's do it.
- Okay. well there may be
some things that you can do
because you're outside of our system.
Maybe breach their air gap.
- Sure.
I got some other ideas too.
- We're encountering some resistance?
- Nothing we can't handle.
- You got this.
Let me know if we can do anything for you.
- Okay.
- So. you're telling me
someone planted a bomb
on Bethany's front axle and blew it
when she was heading for a cliff?
- Yeah.
Probably remote controlled.
It looks like they also
weakened the guardrail.
so it would give way when she hit it.
I had a nice talk with Caleb.
I'm starting to think maybe
he's not such a bad guy.
What?
- Well. given the fact that
everyone is moving out of town.
I tend to get a little
suspicious when someone moves in.
So I did a little digging
into Detective Roy Rogers.
- What?
- Turns out he left his last cop job
under questionable
circumstances. and get this.
the town he's from also has a
big Omni Millennium warehouse.
and also has a large number
of unsolved fires. explosions and murders.
- Oh. maybe there's another explanation.
- I don't know.
I wouldn't get too close
to him if I were you.
For all we know. he's the
one who planted the bomb.
and the only reason why he's
being honest with you right now
is to cover his tracks.
I don't know what would
happen if you got too close.
- That's ridiculous.
- I would've said the same thing
if I hadn't seen his military record.
- Now what?
- He served in the Army. as a bomb expert.
- But that doesn't make any sense.
Why would he lead me to Bethany's murder
if he was the killer?
- I don't know.
Maybe he knew that you would figure it out
when you found the car
residue on the bomb.
and wanted to get ahead of you.
- I don't think so.
But at this point I'm
not taking any chances.
Well. if I can't go to Caleb for help.
then I guess I'm just
gonna have to go to Omni
and start digging on my own.
- How?
- Sometimes the trucks that come through
Omni shipping port carry livestock.
I could use my position as a
vet and animal control officer
to make up an excuse to poke around.
- Are you sure you want to do that?
- Well. I don't really
see any other choice.
- Hey Angie. how was
your day at Hector Tech?
- It was fine.
- Are you hungry?
I made some of those
bacon biscuits you like.
- Ugh.
(ominous music)
(horse neighing)
(cow mooing)
(dark orchestral music)
(phone ringing)
- She is?
All right. thanks for letting me know.
Yeah. we've got a problem
with the veterinarian woman.
Yeah. do it.
And this time.
I want you to really leave a message.
(ominous orchestral music)
- Oh. I didn't hear you come in.
- You're assistant let me in.
- We've gotta stop meeting
like this. (laughing)
What's up?
- I wanted to talk to you a
little more about what you said
about a possible connection
between the death of
Karl Corsault and your friend Bethany.
- Okay. go ahead.
- So if Bethany was murdered.
chances are whoever
killed her. killed Karl
and wanted it to look
like she killed Karl.
- You know. I've been
thinking that this whole time.
So I decided to do some digging on my own.
I went up to Omni yesterday
to ask some questions.
And what I think is that-
- You did what?
- Yeah. so Hector found
evidence that Karl received
several phone calls from
inside their offices.
so I went up there.
- Amy. you shouldn't have gone there.
You should have come to me.
I'm the detective. remember?
- Well. then you should
have figured this out
before I had to.
Why are you getting so upset?
- Well. I figured that after
what happened to Bethany.
you and your friends
would've learned to stay away
from things you don't understand.
- Excuse me?
- Stay away from the
people at Omni Millennium.
- Why? Are you working for them?
- No. but I'm warning
you. don't go there again.
- Oh. so now you're threatening me.
- I need you to trust me.
- How can I trust you when
you won't tell me anything?
Like why you left your last job in a town
that Omni was taking over?
How do I know you're not one of them.
come to spy on us and do their dirty work?
(door closing)
(solemn orchestral music)
(tense music)
- Hey. Ames.
I really like your house.
It's really. it's you. and
I love your little kitty.
What's its name?
- Rose?
- Yeah.
- What are you?
How are. are you?
- Alive?
- Well. yeah.
- It's a long story.
Do you got any of that herbal iced tea?
(cattle mooing)
(acoustic guitar music)
- What the heck?
- I'm working and you're
sitting there playing this game.
I told you I needed your help.
- And I told you that I
would help after this level.
Why are you always harassing me?
You are such a pain.
If you're gonna live here.
you're gonna help out.
and show some respect.
- You know what. Tina?
You're not my mom.
And you never will be.
And you know what else?
I'm tired of all these
prayers and these chores.
I'm outta here.
- So you already know that my family
used to own Steven's Mill Shipping.
and then Omni Millennium came in.
wanting to invest in our
company and help the town grow.
- Okay.
- They had an assistant. named Dax.
We were close.
- Okay.
- And you know Omni tried to
frame my dad for the explosion.
but you and Jamie
and Bethany stopped them.
- Yeah. and we almost got killed.
- What nobody knows is that Dax found out
what they were doing and told me.
We were coming to tell you guys
when they ran us off the road.
Dax died in the crash.
I just ran.
I let everybody believe that I was dead
so that Omni wouldn't kill me too.
- Rose. I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
- I know.
Then Omni bought the business for nothing.
Since then. they've
been buying up the town.
driving everybody out.
and eliminating anyone
that gets in their way.
I know it sounds crazy.
but I really believe that
they have some big plan
to take over this whole area.
I also think they're trying
to shut down Mount Hideaway.
where your dad works.
It's hard trying to figure stuff out
when I can't show my face.
That's why I've been
leaving you guys the clues.
- What clues?
- Like the box I left at your office. duh.
By the way. can I have that
little gray chinchilla?
He was so cute. and I could
really use the company.
And then there was burying
Karl's nasty old carcass
in Bethany's orchard. but
that did not go how I planned.
- Wait. you did that?
- Well. yeah.
I thought Bethany would find his body.
and that would lead you
guys to Omni. but no.
(knocking on door)
- What are you doing here?
- Amy. we really need to talk.
- Now is really not a good time.
- Yeah well. I'm afraid I have to insist.
Please don't make this
harder than it needs to be.
- What is that?
- Last I checked. they
looked like flowers.
- I mean. what?
Why?
- I came to say. I'm sorry.
for the way I've been acting toward you.
You have to understand.
when I came into town. I
didn't know who I could trust.
I'm from a beautiful
little town in Missouri.
A lot like this one. just like this one.
Omni Millennium moved in and soon after
bad things started happening.
- What kind of bad things?
- At first I couldn't put my finger on it.
There was more accidents
and suspicious fires
and weird unsolved
crimes than ever before.
and businesses started getting
vandalized. burned down.
- And you think Omni's behind it?
- I had my suspicions.
then I found out some of the other cops
were getting paid off
to look the other way
when certain crimes were taking place.
They asked me to join.
I refused. and then they set me up.
- Well. how'd you get out?
- Still had a few friends.
One of 'em tipped me off.
Really. the only choice
I had was to get out
while I still could.
but I hate running from a fight.
So I came here.
From what I can tell.
at least most of the Sheriff's
department's still clean.
I want to take down Omni.
before they wreck another
little town like they did mine.
- Well. if we're on the same side. then.
then why do you keep pushing me away?
- I haven't been discouraging you
because I don't believe in you.
I've been pushing you away
because I do believe you.
but you have to understand
these people are dangerous.
I don't want you to get hurt.
- I can take care of myself.
- Look. I didn't come to start
a fight with you. all right?
So please don't take this the wrong way.
but I'm sure Bethany thought
the exact same thing.
Whoever planted that shape
charge and Bethany's car
knew a lot about how to kill
somebody and get away with it.
If somebody hadn't put
that box in your office.
we'd have never figured it out.
We are talking about the
murder of somebody who.
from what I hear. was
a highly capable agent.
When I heard you walked
right into their office
and started asking questions.
I'm sorry I freaked out.
- I guess I did kind of stick
my head in the lion's mouth.
- Yeah. you kind of did.
You made it really hard for me
to do the digging that I need to do.
- I can't just sit around.
Bethany was my friend
and this is my hometown.
You should understand that.
- Think about it.
But for right now. I promise
I'll keep you updated
on anything I find out.
You do the same.
All right?
Please be careful.
Watch your back.
You can never tell when
somebody might be spying on you.
I would
hate it if anything bad happened to you?
- Bethany was always the leader.
She always knew what to do.
It's been hard being the
strong one by myself.
It feels nice to know
that somebody has my back.
- You don't have to carry
this by yourself anymore.
All right?
(crashing)
What was that?
- Oh. that was just my cat. you know.
probably knocking something
over like cats do.
- Well.
I should just go.
Yeah.
- Thanks for the flowers.
- [Caleb] Yeah.
(door closing)
- Meow.
- So I guess you heard all that.
- I sure did.
- So what do you think?
- I think that guy's a keeper.
Are you going after him?
- No. I'm not going after him.
- Then can I have him?
- No!
I mean.
besides you're supposed to be dead.
- Oh yeah. right.
- Okay. so you were just about to tell me
why you put Karl's body
in Bethany's orchard.
- So I've been tracking Omni.
pretty much how Caleb has.
And Karl was their fixer.
He used his position in the mayor's office
to steer local political
decisions in Omni's favor.
But when you guys found that video of him
murdering Rex McNear.
Carl became a liability.
- So did you see him get killed?
- No.
I saw him get in the
van. and I saw a flash.
When the killers got out of the van.
I stole it and Karl and took
him to Bethany's orchard
where I thought she
would find him. but no.
- Okay well. I'll talk
to Hector and my dad.
and Tina will be so happy.
- No. Amy. if Omni finds out I'm alive.
then I won't be for long.
- Okay. so I won't tell my dad.
because then he'd have to
tell the government people.
but we can trust Hector.
- Okay.
I'll contact you in a day or two.
It's best that you don't know where I am.
- I've been living on my own for years.
and now I just feel like a caged animal.
And now I'm living on a farm.
and there's all this mud
and this dirt and stuff.
And the cows. the cows are terrifying.
And it's. it's just like.
it's like. oh. hey Amy.
It's like. they watch you wherever you go.
- Angie. I need to talk
to Hector for a minute.
- Give me a second.
(creepy music)
And Tina. I know that she means well.
but she has all these
rules and all these chores.
And she has me reading these devotionals.
And there's this one
about this girl named Ruth
and her mother-in-law. like
why would I wanna read that?
- Hey Angie. I've got an idea.
Why don't you go get us some Chinese food.
- On my bike?
Why can't we just order pizza?
- I really don't feel like pizza.
I'll tell you what. you
can take my convertible.
Here's some money.
Just keep the change for making the trip.
- Really. you're convertible?
- Yeah.
But the thing is you have to go right now
because I am starving.
Right Hector? Aren't you hungry?
- Yeah. yeah. sure.
- Yeah. just get us the usual.
- Great.
And by the way.
I know that this is just
ploy to get me a leave.
so that you and Hector can
talk about grown up stuff.
but I'm just rolling with it.
See ya.
- Ugh.
- Wow. the poor kid.
- I know. but listen.
Okay. so I have some news
about the case and well.
everything and you are
not gonna believe it.
(click. beeping)
So I went home a little while ago
and my front door was open.
So I went in.
(phone ringing)
Oh. now what?
Hi Angie. are you having
trouble getting the car started?
Sometimes you just need to jiggle
the gear shift and turn the. what?
- What. wait. hey. hey. what?
Wait.
- I sat down and I heard a click.
- Okay Angie. I need you to listen to me
very carefully. okay?
I need you to stay calm and
don't lean forward at all.
It's gonna be okay. we're gonna get help.
- From who?
- Well. I only know of one bomb expert.
- Do you think we can trust him?
- Yes I do.
And besides what choice do we have?
You go call him. I'm gonna stay here.
It's gonna be okay. all right?
We're gonna get help.
(dark music)
(phone ringing)
- Hey. Ange.
Okay. hang on.
And I'm gonna be right there.
(siren blaring)
- Hey Angie. how you doing?
- I've been better.
- It's like you ended up in
that hot seat after all. huh?
Let's take a look.
- You do know how to disarm this. right?
- I'm the best bomb expert around. so.
- You're the only bomb expert around.
But I guess you haven't been blown up yet.
so that's a good thing.
- Hey sweetie.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- I'm getting in.
- Now get in easy.
- What are you doing?
- Remember when I told you.
that when bad things happen.
you never have to be alone.
- Why are you doing this?
- Because this is exactly
what God did for me.
and you and I are gonna
get through this together.
And if not.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to see my husband and Bethany.
and be with you.
- Can I help?
- You can help me by
getting to a safe distance.
I've already got both of their lives
hanging on the edge with just
a few minutes on the clock.
and I don't need to be
worried about you right now.
- I'm not worried. I believe in you.
- That is not the point.
- I'm not leaving.
- Amy.
- The clock's ticking detective.
(tense music)
- Hey. you got this.
- Amy. I've never seen
a bomb like this before.
Lord. please my hands right now.
We've got a lot of work left here to do.
And the devil wants to end us right now.
I know the victory is already Yours.
but if it's our time to go.
then I guess we'll be with You shortly.
But in all things.
Thy
will
be...
Done! (clipping)
(gasping)
- Oh Angie. I'm so sorry.
- Next time you want pizza.
let's get it delivered. okay?
- Okay.
- I can't thank you enough.
- God gets all the glory. ma'am.
My training never taught me
what to do with a bomb like that.
Thank you for your prayers.
- I'm gonna keep praying until
we find out who did this.
And by the way.
I used to be an intelligence
analyst at Mount Hideaway.
If you need anything. you let me know.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Detective?
Take care of her.
- Yeah. I'm gonna go check
the security footage.
- I've never prayed so hard in my life.
- Me neither.
That bomb.
- You said you've never
seen one like it before?
- No.
- So this bomb and the
one under Bethany's car
had the exact same signature.
but they were different.
The one under Bethany's car
was surgical and stealthy.
This one was deliberately overbuilt.
They wanted you to sit
against the pressure plate.
spend your last minutes
hearing that timer tick.
They wanted him to make you suffer.
Amy. this was personal.
All right. you have to be careful.
- Well. God made sure you were here today
to keep us safe so.
I guess He's not done with me yet.
And I promise I'll be careful.
- Hey. so I checked the security footage.
and whoever planted the bomb
wore a hat and kept their hood up.
so I can't tell what
their face looked like.
And it's impossible to tell
if it's a man or a woman.
Oh wait. it gets better.
I think they parked around the
corner away from any cameras
because I don't have any video
of a car to pull the plates.
- Gimme a copy of
whatever footage you have.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Thanks man.
- Yeah.
You did a good job today. Tex.
Looks like you're pretty useful
to have around here. actually.
- Okay. I can take you home.
so I can make sure your
house is clean. huh?
- Yeah.
I'll get your stuff.
- Wait. Amy.
wasn't there something you
were supposed to tell me?
- Oh yes. oh my goodness.
Hector. Rose is alive.
- What?
- She came to my house.
She said she wants to help.
I'll call and tell you
all the details later.
- You're just gonna drop
a bomb on me like that.
ooh. that was a poor choice of words.
and then you're just
gonna leave me hanging?
- I'll call you.
- Amy. I really don't like
leaving you here by yourself.
- I have state of the art security system
and plenty of ammo. I'll be fine.
- Well. if you feel the
least bit uncomfortable.
you call me. okay?
(phone notification)
- Yeah. Yeah.
I will. I promise.
So.
- Yeah. I should.
I should go.
- Thanks again.
Bye.
(dog barking)
- Hector. I said I would call you.
Okay. here's the deal.
(uplifting orchestral music)
(doorbell ringing)
(knocking on door)
Hey grandma.
- Hi sweetie. how are you?
- I'm good.
- Good. good.
I heard what happened
and I just had to come
and make sure that you're okay.
- I'm fine.
- Oh. good.
Well. why don't you make us some tea
and tell me all about it.
Amy. your jobs involve
animals and dead bodies.
Why would someone plant
a bomb in your car?
- Grandma. you know I
can't talk about my cases.
Well. I just had no idea
it was so dangerous.
I think it's high time you
settled down and got married.
- I'll get married when God
brings the right guy into my life.
- Of course you will.
But tell me about this
new detective fellow.
He's the town hero now.
He sounds like a really special young man.
- He's nice. but I barely know him.
- Barely know him?
He saved your life today.
and I hear he's quite handsome.
- I'll fix us some more tea.
(faint singing)
Everything sounds better
with you and me together
Girl don't you understand.
don't walk away
Just give me a chance
Girl don't you walk away I
know you really wanna stay
Just wait until you see me dance
- What are you doing?
- Did it sound that bad?
- No.
Why are you on my porch?
- Well. I've assigned myself
as your personal security detail.
- Well. that's really sweet.
but this is a terrible time.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
Do you have a gentleman friend over?
You can tell him I'm here solely
in my professional capacity.
- No. no.
It's it's my grandma. I'll be fine.
Please leave.
- I wanna meet your grandma.
- No. no. that's a terrible idea.
You don't understand.
I need you to leave now. please.
- Amy?
Is there someone else in there?
- What?
No.
Ow.
Please go away.
(light instrumental music)
(coughing)
- Amy. are you okay?
- Yes. I'm fine.
I'm just tired of these big flies
that keep getting in my house.
- Amy.
I wish you didn't have
to be in this big house
all by yourself.
Why don't you come stay
with me for a while?
- I'll be all right.
Dad made sure I had the
best security system.
and I have plenty of friends
that will check on me.
And besides I'm so busy with work.
I'll barely be here. anyway.
- Amy.
- These scones are really good. grandma.
I didn't realize how hungry I was.
- Another reason you need
to come stay with me.
You don't eat enough.
Look how skinny you are.
- I do eat. I promise.
I just was really busy today and.
You be my baby
Baby I'll be your cowboy
You be my lady
- Oh my.
Man sweet man
- Amy.
who is that?
Girl don't you understand
Please don't walk away
- That is Detective Rogers.
Girl don't you walk away
I know you really wanna stay
Just wait until you see me dance
- He is very handsome.
And how romantic!
Don't just sit there.
Invite him in and I'll get
us another cup and saucer.
- No no. I'm sure he doesn't want.
- Yes yes yes.
Scoot scoot scoot.
You have such a lovely
voice. Detective Rogers.
Are you a professional singer?
- No. thank you ma'am.
Call me Caleb though.
No. I just. I just sing for fun.
- Amy has a lovely voice too.
Well. you should sing a
duet together sometime.
She plays the piano too.
She's always loved music.
She's very talented.
- I bet she is.
- Well. do you have a girlfriend. Caleb?
- [Caleb] No. ma'am.
- Oh. that's fine.
Here. have another scone or two.
- Oh. thanks you. ma'am.
(phone ringing)
- Oh. it's dad.
Excuse me.
- Hey honey. I was just
checking to see how you doing?
(sighing)
What's wrong now?
- Oh. nothing.
Just Caleb and grandma
having a cozy little chat
over tea and scones.
- Oh boy.
Has she pulled out your baby pictures yet?
- Oh no. she'd better not.
She's already embarrassing me to no end.
and she's gonna start planning
my wedding any second.
- Oh. I'm sure it's not that bad.
Hey. I had our people sweep your car
and it's all clean and safe.
I'm gonna have the team drop
it by your house tonight.
and check your neighborhood.
So if you're not too busy
picking out silverware patterns tomorrow.
can you get all the troops
together at eight o'clock
for a meeting at Hector Tech?
- Yeah. sure.
- And bring Caleb along.
If he's gonna marry my daughter.
I've gotta show him my
gun collection first.
- Dad.
- Sorry. I couldn't resist.
But anyway. bring him along.
- If I don't kill him first.
Now you take good care of her.
- Yes. ma'am.
Your grandma's nice.
- I will never hear the end of this.
(acoustic guitar music)
I saw you walking
down through the city
You sure looked pretty and sassy
Now I'm just a cowboy
raised in the country
Trying to make a living in LA
But I have never seen
A girl like you
It's true
Never seen one like you
(birds chirping)
- Come on. rise and shine. cowboy.
Time to go.
- Go where?
- A meeting at Hector Tech.
Let's go.
- What's going on?
- You'll find out.
- You still mad about yesterday?
- Come on.
- I saved your life.
What is going on?
- Welcome to the posse. Tex.
- Angie.
Angie?
Angie. honey.
Detective.
- Miss Shanholtz.
- Well. I've seen your file.
You're supposed to be dead.
- Yeah. I get that a lot.
- All right folks. up here for a minute.
So up until now. we've all
had a piece of the puzzle.
but we've been keeping
our cards to ourselves.
- You just mixed metaphors.
Thought I should point that out. you know.
- Okay dad. why don't you get us started?
- Thanks Amy.
For those of you who don't know me.
I am Deputy Director.
Doctor Martin Bradford.
the Chief of Staff of the
Mount Hideaway facility.
This is Colonel Lance Piper.
who runs the facility.
Lance. why don't you get the ball rolling?
- Thanks. Martin.
We've had our eyes on Omni
Millennium for a long time.
We've suspected them of
everything from arms dealing
to human trafficking.
but we've never been able to make a case.
- Their tactic is to move into
small communities like ours
and take over.
It's always a town in a rural location
with a major shipping hub.
- In addition to a
litany of arson. murder.
and other crimes.
they've been working the political trail
on Capitol Hill for years.
trying to get the Mount
Hideaway facility shut down.
- If you guys moved out.
they'd have access to a high
bandwidth computer facility.
and a ready-made server farm.
They'd be just as dangerous
in the cyber world
as they already are IRL.
- Over the years. we've
worked with a number of folks
doing all kinds of different things.
but we haven't been able to
give anybody the big picture
about what was going on
for security purposes.
The situation has become critical.
With the loss of Agent Shanholtz. Bethany.
and the cyber attacks on the facility.
Martin and I thought it best
to bring everybody together.
- Okay. let's start at the beginning.
I'm going to ask Rose to go first.
because you've been
investigating this case
longer than any of us. haven't you. Rose?
- Wait. what?
You already knew I was alive?
- You popped up on our surveillance photos
about three years ago.
and I've been doing my
best to support you.
without blowing your cover. or mine.
- Dad. what the heck?
You knew she was alive this whole time?
You are the one that's been helping her
and you didn't tell me?
- Honey. you and I both know
that if I'd read you in on this.
you would have insisted on
going directly after them.
and it wasn't time yet.
- All right. fine.
But when we get home.
we're having a long talk.
Go ahead. Rose. sorry guys.
- Eight years ago.
Omni bought our family business
after blowing up our warehouse.
and framing my dad for it.
- That was the explosion
that killed my parents.
Rose's uncle. and countless others.
- They killed my boyfriend.
Dax. and almost killed me.
So I faked my death.
I've been working undercover ever since.
mostly in other towns.
trying to gather evidence against them.
- They've had a number of
managers over the years.
but a few weeks ago. Errol Gunderson.
the head of the whole Omni
operation. moved into town.
It looks like he's here
to oversee something big.
We may have a unique
opportunity to take them down.
- Look. excuse me. sir.
I know I'm the new guy.
but I have to ask. is what
we're doing here even legal?
- I appreciate the question.
The agency in charge of the operations
at the Mount Hideaway facility.
doesn't operate on US soil.
Instead. we've been working
in cooperation with.
- Other three-letter agencies.
- Other three letter agencies to make sure
what we're doing is legal
and above the board.
- Why don't you tell us your story. son?
- Yes. sir.
Well. like I told Amy here.
I'm from a small town in Missouri.
where pretty much the same thing went on.
I was a homicide detective.
and I basically got run out of town.
because I wouldn't get on Omni's payroll
and look the other way when
they started killing people
and running businesses out of the county.
- We were picking up chatter
that they were onto something pretty big.
Bethany Shanholtz was
undercover in the investigation.
but she got too close.
She was killed by an explosive
that made her car run off the road.
- Yeah. well most
bombers have a signature.
and I'd be willing to bet
that whoever made that device
also made the one we found in Amy's car.
- Which is why we're here.
to come up with a plan
and take back our town.
Dad. Colonel Piper. and Hector.
are working on counter
measures to the hack.
Tina used to be an intelligence
officer at Mount Hideaway.
and Dad's reinstated
her security clearance.
so she'll be coordinating
all the information.
anything we find goes to her.
Caleb. Rose. and I. will figure
out a way to get into Omni
and find the evidence we
need to take them down.
- I'm sorry y'all. I can't do
that without a search warrant.
- If the police force is compromised.
they'll know you're coming.
- I understand that. sir.
But if we're gonna do this.
we're gonna do it by the book.
- All right. son.
Fair enough.
But let me go directly to
the judge for the warrant.
- All right. get to work.
(dramatic orchestral music)
- All right. well.
it seems like they're utilizing
a ton of computing power.
but it's way more than they
have in that building. so.
- Oh. there's something we're missing.
I need a break.
- Angie. stop playing the game.
- What? Not you. too.
- Just stop for a second.
When you started to play the game.
there was an infinitesimal increase
in the intensity of the hack.
The difference was tiny.
but it was definitely there.
- Wait so. how many people
are actually playing this game
at any given time?
- Well. a couple of days ago.
they changed their paid
subscription plan to being all free.
I mean. it was a big thing
even in the video game world.
So. the amount of active
users at any given time
is like tens of millions?
- It's the game.
They built a back door into the game.
and people are unknowingly lending
their device's computing
power to fuel the attack.
I mean. millions of
people's phones and tablets
are all powering the
attack on Mount Hideaway
from all over the world.
(chuckling)
- Miss Shanholtz. call the gang back in.
I think we have a plan.
- All right. listen up everybody.
It's time to take back our town.
Tina walk us through it.
- Okay. so with some help from
our three-letter agencies.
we have determined that Gunderson
is gonna set up his
headquarters at Steven's Mill.
- But why here?
- Because of the Mount Hideaway complex.
If they're able to get the
government to shut it down.
they can swoop in and buy the building
with all of its high speed
network infrastructure
for next to nothing.
- They'd be as dangerous on the dark web
as they are now with smuggling
and arms trafficking.
- We can't just assault the building.
because we don't have enough evidence.
but we do have warrants to go in quietly.
Ordinarily we'd use government operatives.
but we don't know who's on Omni's payroll.
Right now. the only people we
can trust are in this meeting.
- The cyber team at Mount Hideaway.
they already have their hands full
trying to fend off this attack.
So Amy. Caleb. and Rose.
you're gonna break into the Omni building.
and try to ward off the
attack from the inside.
and hopefully find some evidence
that can shut Omni down.
Angie and Hector.
you gotta get people to
stop playing that game.
(tense music)
- Drop the device.
- No problem.
You're too late. anyway.
The hack's almost complete.
Besides. you're not leaving.
- Why not?
- Did you really think that
you could just sneak in here
without us noticing?
- Elena?
- Howdy. partner.
- Oh. I might have known.
- Kick 'em to us please.
- Well. I guess while
you were trespassing.
you're gonna have a little accident.
Whoops.
- Yeah. we've got a warrant.
All right. the government's on to you.
- Well. in 20 minutes
we're gonna break through
Mount Hideaways firewall and
plunder all of their data.
So the leaders are gonna get discredited.
The local police are in my back pocket.
So I'm pretty sure that
no one's gonna know
that you're gone.
- All right.
All of you in the storage room.
cell phones on a table. please.
Great.
- I'll be back for each
and every one of you.
once this cyber attack is complete.
Oh. you too. sweetie.
You see your job here is done.
and now you're just a loose end.
- No. tell her. Errol.
- Actually Elena's right.
Sorry. you're kind of
a loose end right now.
Oops.
- No. I did all of this for you.
- Oh. and I really. really.
really appreciate it.
Like seriously.
Make sure you clean up the mess.
- Sure boss.
Sorry. love story's over.
Everyone in the storage room. now.
Move. move.
(tense music)
- All right. they have our
cell phones and our guns.
Is there any other way
we can call for help?
- Really?
Is now the best time you're
playing that stupid game?
- My game is connected to the
building's wireless network
and it has a chat feature.
I just need to figure
out who can help us out.
- Here.
Give it to me.
- Come on. come on. come on.
- Hey.
- Huh?
- It's our people at Omni.
they've been captured.
- I'm gonna call Martin.
Get 'em to send in the troops.
- That'll take too long.
- The person you're texting.
Do they know anything about computers?
- Yes. why?
- Give me back the controller.
I can tell them how to shut
down the game and stop the hack.
That'll at least distract Elena and Errol.
- I'm getting a message
from someone at Omni
Millennium named Jade.
They're sending us instructions
on how to access a back door
in the game and shut
down the cyber attack.
- Redirecting this to Mount Hideaway.
(dramatic orchestral music)
- Well. that's disappointing.
Someone at Mount Hideaway
has shut down our attacks.
I think I underestimated Jade.
Well. no matter. I think
it's time to cut bait.
Yep.
Blow all of it.
- What's she doing?
- They must have figured
out the hack's been stopped.
Gonna blow up this
building and us with it.
- What are we gonna do?
- Hey. look at this.
Watch this.
- It's set for 30 minutes.
That should give us plenty of
time to clear the building.
- Well. it's gonna give me plenty of time.
I'm sorry.
Your time's up.
- That's it.
You guys get to safety.
I'll disarm the bomb.
- Come on.
- Wait.
Where is Rose?
- What are you doing. are you crazy?
- She already died once.
I'm not losing her again.
Go. run.
- Step away from the bomb. partner.
I said. step away
from the bomb.
- And I thought you'd be long gone by now.
- I thought I told you to run to safety.
- Well. clearly you don't
know me very well yet.
You disarm the bomb.
I'll take care of Elena.
Give it up Elena. it's over.
- Let's finish this. Bradford.
- Put it down.
You and this company of
yours killed my boyfriend
and destroyed my family.
Give me one good reason
I shouldn't empty this gun into your face.
- You and Bethany and all of
your little Christian friends
with your perfect little families
and your little homeschool projects.
You have no idea what my life was like.
- Look. you can kill me. but
you can't kill a company.
It's too big. there's too many pieces.
but you know what they say?
If you can't beat 'em. join 'em.
- You've gotta be kidding.
- No.
I'm not.
Look. haven't you always wanted
to own your family's company
ever since you were a little girl?
Not only can I give you this company.
but I can also give you a
piece of a global empire.
It's changing the world.
- Yeah. that sounds like a lot of work.
I think I'll go with
instant gratification.
- Can I. can I. can I show you?
- You think our lives were perfect?
My mom died when I was seven.
Bethany's dad died serving our country.
All these years. we thought Rose was dead.
And then my best friend was murdered.
You did that. didn't you?
- I made a lot of money from killing Karl
and all the others.
but Bethany. I did that one for free.
(yelling)
- Amy!
Amy!
(sighing)
- If only Bethany could see you now.
she'd be so disappointed.
Oh Amy.
You're not gonna shoot me.
You don't have it in you.
- Don't test me.
- All right. come on
then. pull the trigger
if you've got the guts.
Or better yet.
how about you come and get
me a hug and forgive me.
Isn't that what your Jesus
said that you should do?
- How could you?
- Poor little Amy.
You're so weak.
So pathetic.
Without Bethany here
to tell you what to do.
- Billions of dollars.
Government officials. business leaders.
all who do whatever we
say. whatever you say.
You can have it all.
- You don't have it in you to
make the hard decisions. Amy.
So I dare you.
I dare you to prove me wrong. right now.
Do it!
- Amy. Amy don't.
She's taken enough from
you. don't let her win.
- [Elena] Do it. Amy.
Come on.
- Okay.
I'll take it.
- You'll take my offer?
- No. I'm gonna take it all away.
Right. Martin?
- Yep. we got it all.
All of those accounts are now frozen.
We've got tactical teams
headed to every location.
FBI and Interpol have been alerted.
and they are issuing indictments
for everyone in the
organization within 24 hours.
Great work. Rose and Hector.
- The tracker that Rose
put in Omni's system.
streamed everything right to us.
Boom.
- Feel better?
- Can I do the honors?
Yeah.
You wanna talk about Jesus so much?
I lead a Bible study.
at the women's correctional
facility. every second Tuesday.
Get her outta my sight.
- All right. let's go.
Hey.
How you doing?
- Not good.
- Wanna talk about it?
(soft music)
- I wanted to shoot her.
- But you didn't.
- It terrifies me how close I came.
- Yeah. but you made the right choice.
- But if you hadn't been
there. I don't know.
- Look at me.
I know exactly what you're going through.
I know what it's like
to feel so much rage.
it feels like it's gonna consume you.
like you can't even think straight.
But you didn't pull that trigger.
And I know that even
if I hadn't been there.
you wouldn't have.
- How do you know?
- 'Cause I know you.
Amy you're.
you're gentle
and kind and
full of God's mercy.
You and Elena have been
through some bad stuff.
She chose to take her pain
and use it as an excuse to hurt people.
You help people.
All those furry little critters of yours.
- Don't forget the snakes.
- You had to bring it up. didn't you?
Yeah. I'm gonna have to side
with Indiana Jones on that one.
- Thank you.
- For what?
- Having my back.
- Always.
- Hector. I gotta say it was
a real surprise to see you
send me over that
non-disclosure agreement.
- What non-disclose agreement?
I was responding to your offer.
for full amnesty and a consulting job.
- Angie?
(chuckling)
- So.
I've been thinking.
we've both lost people
that we love very much.
and we both
well are.
- Incomplete?
- Yeah.
- So what are you saying?
- I'm saying that
I would like to legally
adopt you as my daughter.
You can keep your last name of course.
but we could be a real family.
Joy loves the idea.
She's so excited.
And I think Bethany would love it too.
- I want to do this right.
Ruth chapter one. verse 16.
But Ruth said.
do not tell me to leave you.
or just turn back from following you.
For where you go. I will go.
And where you stay. I will stay.
Your people shall be my
people. and your God. my God.
I love you.
- I love you too.
(light instrumental music)
- [Amy] Isn't it great to see how the town
is coming back to life again?
Omni Millennium is getting
shut down all over the world.
Rose took over her family's business
and started hiring locals.
Hector is busier than ever
between being Rose's
Chief Technical Officer
and his consulting work
for Mount Hideaway.
Other businesses are
starting to open up again.
Angie's adoption is almost finalized.
and my dad is helping
her get a scholarship.
She's not sure if she wants
to be a professional gamer.
or a cyber warrior.
Knowing her it'll likely
be a little of both.
Caleb and I are getting
to know each other.
You know. we couldn't have
done this without you. right?
You and I have so many precious memories
that I will always treasure.
I don't know where my journey's
gonna take me next. but
I have a few ideas.
I love you. Beth.
- Hey.
- You ready to go?
- Yep.
- Kind of looking forward
to dinner with your dad.
- Yeah. so I do have to warn you.
whenever I bring a guy over.
he usually starts by showing
off his gun collection.
- Yeah?
- It's a dad thing.
- Sounds like my kind of guy.
- Yeah?
(romantic orchestral music)
(acoustic guitar music)
You be my baby
Baby. I'll be your cowboy
You be my lady
Lady. I'll be your man. sweet man
Everything sounds better
with you and me together
Girl don't you understand
So please don't walk
away just give me chance
Girl don't you walk away. I
know you really wanna stay
Just wait until you see me dance
Girl don't you walk
away. just give me chance
(banjo music)